

Do you love coffee? The majority of us do. In this article we will supply you with 6 dishes to enjoy your coffee in a different method. We hope you enjoy it.

Irish Coffee
1 teaspoon of sugar
1 jigger of Bushmills Irish Whiskey
2/3 cup of coffee or flavored Irish Creme coffee
1/4 cup of whipping cream, gently whipped
Preheat the glass with warm water. Discard the water out and add the hot coffee with the teaspoon of sugar and stir. Include the jigger of bourbon, and lead with the whipping cream. Dark coffee's are best for this dish.

Spiced Orange Coffee
1 teaspoon fresh, grated orange peel
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon nutmeg
5 whole cloves
Routine quantity of your typical coffee or try Swiss Chocolate Orange seasoned coffee
Put in coffee and include sugar and cream to taste. Leading with whipping cream and spray with a dash of nutmeg and cinnamon if so wanted.

Mint Cocoa Coffee
1 ounce of chocolate mint liqueur
Dash of shaved chocolate
Light whipping cream (optional).
Regular coffee or try Dutch Chocolate Decaf flavored coffee.
Brew your regular coffee, include the 1 ounce of liquor into your cup. If preferred and sprinkle with shaved chocolate, add some whipping cream.

Coffee Milkshakes.
1 pint of coffee ice cream.
2 teaspoons finely ground coffee.
1/2 cup light rum (optional).
4 to 6 scoops vanilla ice cream.
Immediate coffee powder.
Spoon coffee ice cream into mixer. Include rum and finely ground coffee.





Frosty Mochas.
1 cup of newly brewed coffee.
1 pint of vanilla ice cream, softened.
6 tablespoons of chocolate syrup.
1 cup ready cold coffee.
Blend hot coffee and chocolate syrup in a blender. Pour the mix into a medium bowl. Include the softened ice cream and cold coffee.

Nogged Coffee.
1 cup of coffee or attempt Pumpkin Spice flavored coffee.
1 egg yoke.
1/2 cup of cream.
Dash of nutmeg.
Include coffee to mugs and top with the cream mixture. Garnish the coffee with nutmeg.

Dump the water out and add the hot coffee with a teaspoon of sugar and stir. Put in coffee and include sugar and cream to taste. Spoon coffee ice cream into mixer. Include the softened ice cream and cold coffee. Include coffee to mugs and lead with the cream mix.

